what would happen if China sold all
their US debt you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you in
today's video I'm going to show you how
little China has right now at this time
in fact it's down half of what it used
to be I'm going to show you who's a
buyer I'm going to give you an
explanation as to what this all means
connect that in with rate cuts and
what's going on with the US dollar so
we're going to break that all down today
I'm going to make it real easy to
understand for everybody because this
stuff can get real complicated but on
this channel I make it easy we get rid
of the jargon all right let's begin
first thing China should trim US
Treasury Holdings that's according to an
X pboc that's the People's Bank of China
advisor appeal of US debt to other
nations is waning China is the number
two foreign holder of treasuries After
Japan that is absolutely true but I'll
give you the breakdown directly from the
treasury's own
resources and while he's talking about
this this has already happened it's not
as if something you know uh you know in
the future but I believe what they want
to do is make that you know to an even
greater degree and this type of
information is released into the public
intentionally to see the reaction how
does the market react does the US say
anything are there any actions that are
being taken well as they say here
therefore China should accelerate the
adjustment of its overseas asset and
liability structure improve Returns on
overseas net assets and lower the share
of Foreign Exchange reserves in its
overseas assets the nation should trim
its ownership of treasuries by stopping
the purchase of new notes after existing
Holdings
mature
interesting what's happening what's
going on well it is very clear that we
have this battle going on between China
and the United States very clearly China
holds on to the US debt just as they
hold on to euros they hold on to
everything else but now it's coming at a
time in which China said you know what
we're going to reduce our Holdings
slowly but surely we're going to get rid
of this at the same time they could be
using it for their own purposes because
you every country has foreign exchange
reserves but right now it seems like
they're going far past what we had seen
previously okay they're still holding on
to a lot don't get me wrong but right
now what we've seen this inverse
relationship between the US dollar and
the stock market when you look at the US
dollar in how it has performed over the
past couple years just up and up and up
and up but as the talk as the rhetoric
for you know the Federal Reserve has
been kind of like uh you know we might
cut rates yeah you know we might go in
that direction the more of that talk the
weakening of the US dollar had been
taking place on the other end you know
when the dollar had been weakening of
course the stock market market has been
going up okay so these are definitely at
this time anyway inversely correlated we
have this households and corporates are
the smallest holder of treasuries and so
you could see that right there with that
uh you know golden colored line right
now and that is compared with with the
financials Financial companies you've
got the Federal Reserve that's been
reducing their Holdings and it has been
very clear certainly that while the
Federal Reserve has been selling off
others such as those households and
corporations have been buying the
treasuries so was when we talk about
liquidity this is overall right overall
and why have they been buying it because
the rates have been so good I can can
get a 5% guarant guarantee I can get a
5% return on my money in a time of a lot
of uncertainty oh no is it a recession
what's happening are we going to go back
into lockdown all that I can get 5% of
my money so what's happening investors
have been doing that now things have
changed the yields have been coming down
mortgage rates have been coming down
we'll see what happens there but at
least at this time it was a very
attractive thing for both the households
looking for a little place to park their
cash as in inflation was piling up as
well as the corporations looking to put
their money somewhere you got Warren
Buffett holding well over $150 billion
worth of it apple has a large sum as
well okay and that's not it's not cash
it's quote unquote cash what we're
talking about is you know us debt so
they can get a return on that investment
okay remember that whenever they say
Warren Buffett's holding 150 billion
dollars of cash he not actually cash
okay he's not stuffing 150 billion under
the mattress know that probably would be
pretty fun to see uh all right rates
have never been as elevated when debt
has been so high and that's something to
think about okay because it's
unsustainable obviously even even at low
interest rates the debt is unsustainable
but keep that in mind and that goes for
the corporations that goes for countries
as well they can't you know they they
can't do that I mean there's you know
they can only raise taxes so far and
still not pay anything even now they
can't pay all that but that's where we
are at today so just keep that in mind
okay this is just showing us in chart
form the way that they combined this was
China as well as Belgium Belgium is not
actually Belgium often people say uh
Belgium is really just you know the
companies that are there in the EU and
so that's kind of a proxy in that way
but they've been declining we haven't
seen these levels since
2010 okay and the chart I know is like
super small small font all you need to
know is that China has reduced their
Holdings down to remember this okay 769
billion that is approximately half of
where they were years ago so when people
say like you got to zoom out okay and
the trend I mean it goes up it goes down
as you'll see but it has been trending
down lower and lower for years and so
this has obviously been the plan it's
not people think oh it's just because of
you know this like event happens over
the last couple months or maybe it's
been a year ago or two years ago no no
it's been going on for years they've
been reducing their holding they realize
they see the writing on the wall that
it's probably not so good to hold that
much US debt I don't see them getting
rid of it okay that I don't at least you
know something happens but they want to
make it a little bit more balanced and
so they're you know letting that stuff
mature they're already doing that and of
course the US has to say okay the Fed
Federal Reserve isn't buying it China's
letting it go we need to find somebody
else well if those yields are coming
down you're going to have less investors
willing to buy your debt so who comes to
buy it
h okay the households aren't going to
buy it or as much the corporations
aren't going to buy it China's not going
to buy it h do we have a printing press
lying around and which we could
use let me tell you Federal Reserve the
of Last Resort what about this world
treasury Reserve Holdings you could see
declining but gold looking at this you
can see that more central banks have
been buying gold and it's so odd it's so
funny every time I see it the central
bank that can print an unlimited amount
of
money they're the ones buying gold isn't
that strange the way it works they see
the value oh but Ben Bank said it's just
a tradition mhm sure sure is yeah sure
is just a tradition so we have all this
is is basically just showing us
different members of the FED central
banks uh you know analysts all saying
the same thing uh yeah I know what the
Powell kind of told everybody but no no
no we're not ready to cut interest rates
yeah don't get that into your head and
so that came out like a hundred times
afterwards the market was just like
ignore ignore ignore because they wanted
to see the risk on but understand this
if you have those rate cuts the dollar
weakens further potentially depends on
what happens with other
countries and of course that could
create more risk on
mentality keep that in mind okay people
think that the money is going to go
dumping into US debt maybe in comparison
to other countries it might still look
attractive but hey maybe I want to take
some more risk maybe I'm going to put it
into Bitcoin maybe I'm going to put it
into stocks rally has more room to run
as investors get three green lights not
just one green light but three okay keep
that in mind okay that's all I'm trying
to say you got to stay ahead of the game
okay and how you going to do that come
over to the my website link in the
description because every Friday I
conduct what I call the money GPS
Finance live okay and this is basically
a very small class group session where
we go over all these elements it's an
incredible group of people small class
and this is the kind of thing it's only
for a select few members if you want
check out the link in the description
right on the top there there'll be a
link you know read through the whole
page if you want to just click on the
apply button that will basically email
me and from there we can um you know see
if you want to get in on that I hope you
will is you want the latest and greatest
information you want the best knowledge
and that's what I do on the finance
Fridays okay so I want to thank you for
being here today hit the Thumbs Up Video
a thumbs up on this video I do
appreciate it very much and of course
I'll see you tomorrow take care